# Meetings {#meetings}

We have meetings. We hold them via Zoom. We may hold them in Teamflow or Spatial.

## Types and frequency

+ Researchers actively working: **weekly**
  + Briefly update the lab on whatever they are working on.
  + This is also an opportunity for practice talks, elevator pitches for new project ideas, so on.
+ Assistants/workers: **biweekly**
  + Check-ins.
+ Faculty Research Fellows: **as needed**
  + This may be monthly, generally, but depends on the projects at the time.

## Notes/Minutes

Notes and minutes from meetings^[Meeting minutes template based on the [core-notes/template.md at master Â· emberjs/core-notes](https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/blob/master/learning-team/template.md)] will--again, when appropriately public-facing--will be kept in the lab's OSF ecosystem.

Template for meeting notes in markdown:

```markdown
# YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS

- Lead:
- Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Ryan Straight (RS)
- [ ] Diana Saldana (DS)
- [ ] Tony Vega (TV)
- [ ] Tyler Rhea (TR)
- [ ] Ariella Valencia (AV)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

- (General notes on weekly review here.)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add your name to the appropriate list above and add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes after they're published.

```

### FERPA

- [ ] RS: Check if there are *any* FERPA concerns with making these meeting minutes public.